# LITA-CAPSTONE-PROJECT..-CUSTOMER-DATA

## PROJECT OVERVIEW
This project aims at providing insights into a customer data set which includes subscription trends and behavior to support strategic decision-making, The analysis will dive into understanding subscription patterns, cancellation trends, and top-performing subscription types, regional breakdowns of customer activity. The goal is to enable the company to make data-driven decisions that improve customer satisfaction, and drive revenue growth. 

### EXPLORATORY ANALYSIS

The EDA involves the following key questions;

    -What is the total number of customers from each region?
    -Which is the most popular subscription type by the number of customers?
    -How many customers who canceled their subscription within 6 months?
    What is the average subscription duration for all customers.



#### DATA ANALYSIS
With the use of a Pivot  Table i was able to summarize and also have a deep insight into total revenue generated by each region.
From the analysis, i was able to deduce that the Region with the highest Revenue is the Southern Region, with a total revenue of #37,580,782. Followed by the Western Region with a total Revenue of #37,482,120. The Eastern Region, also recorded a total revenue of #37,387,894. 


 From the Analysis, it was observed that the Customers with the highest subscription are from the Western part with a total of  1,635,000   customers.  While the  customers who subscribed from the South  are 1,620,000 in nuber.  the Eastern and Northern part hav e a total of 1,627,500 and 1,612,500 respectively.


from the analysis, we were able to summarize the total revenue generated based on the subscription type. the Basic type of subscription has a Total Revenue of #29,843,597 , hence, the with the largest number of subscriber. followed by Premium with a total of  #15,051,884 and Standard with a total of #15, 021,236


    
